Welcome!
We’re going to discuss
the importance of setting personal goals
in the ministry.
But first, here are some updates.
On January 1 of this year,
a magnitude 7.6 earthquake
struck central Japan.
Thankfully, none of our brothers were killed.
But over 100 of their homes were damaged,
and 2 were destroyed.
Also, nine Kingdom Halls were damaged.
The branch office
quickly provided accommodations
and other necessities
for our brothers and sisters.
Soon after, the branch appointed
a Disaster Relief Committee
and sent branch representatives
to visit our brothers in the affected areas.
Within just a few days,
additional relief aid
was delivered
to congregations in need.
In the Wajima Congregation,
the elders couldn’t account for one sister.
To reach her, an elder walked
for eight hours,
avoiding landslides
and cracks in the ground,
until he was able
to confirm that she was safe.
Congregations in the area,
including those severely affected,
have held their meetings
from the very week the earthquake hit.
Most of the publishers
have gathered in person
to encourage one another.
We’re praying
for our brothers and sisters in Japan
and in other lands
affected by recent disasters.
On January 1, the Patterson Visitors’ Center
officially opened for tours!
Construction began in early 2021
and was completed in September 2023.
What will you experience
when you come for a visit?
Let’s take a look!
The Patterson Visitors’ Center
features three museums and a coin display.
The first exhibit you’ll notice is entitled
“Defending and Legally Establishing
the Good News.”
It presents the powerful experiences
of men, women, and even schoolchildren
who held to their Bible-based beliefs
despite legal opposition.
This exhibit shows how Jehovah’s organization
supported them through difficult tests.
A Biblical coin gallery
presents a unique display of original coins
that were in circulation
in the first century,
along with their Scriptural context
and significance.
Another exhibit,
entitled “All Your Sons
Will Be Taught by Jehovah,”
features some of the training programs
and schools that have been used
by Jehovah’s modern-day organization
to equip us as ministers and teachers.
We trust that it will motivate you
to see additional ways
that you can take advantage
of the education Jehovah provides.
Our feature museum
is a first-century Bible village.
The “local villagers” are very welcoming
and will be eager to show you
how they live and work together
as a community.
You’ll see firsthand what life was like
when Jesus walked the earth.
You’ll walk through agricultural areas,
a marketplace, residences,
a synagogue,
and even by the seashore.
No doubt these new museums
will enhance your appreciation for the Bible
and for what Jehovah is accomplishing
through his organization today.
We welcome all who are able to come and see
the new Patterson Visitors’ Center!
The Patterson Visitors’ Center
is outstanding!
We thank all who worked on this project.
We now invite all of you to come and tour.
You can request a tour on jw.org.
Now let’s talk about the recent adjustments
to the way we report our ministry
and how these affect our personal goals.
At the recent annual meeting,
we learned that as of last November,
we’d no longer be submitting
a detailed field service report.
That was a big change, wasn’t it?
But although we’ve changed
the way we report our activity,
we haven’t changed the way we view
the ministry itself.
The focus is on people.
We love people, and we want to help them.
We’re ready to share the good news
wherever we find them.
On Saturday morning,
we may spend a couple of hours
preaching from door to door.
Then, we go grocery shopping.
Are we “off the clock,” so to speak,
because we’re no longer
in the formal preaching work?
We don’t look at it that way.
When we’re at the grocery store,
we’re still on the lookout for people
we can share the good news with.
We may be able to talk to someone
standing next to us in a long checkout line
or perhaps with the clerk
who processes our order.
We can keep it simple.
After exchanging a few friendly words,
we might pull out
a contact card and simply say:
“This is a website I think you’d enjoy.
It has interesting articles
in more than 1,000 languages.”
Or, after a few appropriate comments,
you might offer a tract.
If time permits and the person is receptive,
we can say more.
The same principle can apply
when we’re waiting at a doctor’s office,
an airport, shopping,
or on public transportation.
Here’s an idea:
Why not have a small supply of contact cards
or other literature with you wherever you go?
We’ve said that we’re ready
to share the good news
wherever we find people.
But what about the people we don’t find
—those who are often not at home?
Have you ever driven through a neighborhood
on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon
and noticed that there was a car
in every driveway?
Yet, when you called on those same homes
in the morning,
no one was at home.
I wonder how many of those people
would accept a Bible study
if we were able to offer one.
Our love for people will move us
to call when they’re at home.
I remember on one occasion
we were going out for supper
at a nearby restaurant with another couple.
The brother was driving.
As we passed a certain house
in the neighborhood,
he stopped, parked, and said:
“Excuse me, but I see a car in the driveway.
“We’ve been trying for weeks
to find this person at home.
We won’t be long.”
And he and his wife
got out and made the call.
Bravo!
Another area where diligence is needed
involves following up on interest.
A person doing cart work
has a conversation with an interested person
who requests a visit.
That person lives in your territory,
and you agree to make the call.
Saturday morning, you knock on the door,
and what happens?
You know the answer:
The person isn’t at home.
Are we going to throw up our hands
and say, “Well, I tried”?
Not at all!
That person showed interest,
and we’re going to keep calling back
at different times until we contact him.
Although we no longer fill out
a detailed field service report,
we can still
set personal goals for ourselves.
Some worthwhile goals might be
listening more carefully
when the householder is speaking
or showing more personal interest.
Another goal might be
to cover our territory more thoroughly.
Having personal goals
is in line with Paul’s counsel
found at Galatians 6:4.
You can follow on-screen as we read this.
Paul wrote:
“But let each one
examine his own actions,
“and then he will have cause for rejoicing
in regard to himself alone,
and not in comparison with the other person.”
Personal goals can give us
the motivation we need
to get out in this all-important work.
Let’s hear how some of our brothers
and sisters feel about the recent adjustments
and what they’re doing to expand their share.
Thanks to these adjustments,
I can now enjoy my ministry
and making disciples even more.
And honestly, I love it.
I feel like the new adjustment
to reporting hours has really helped me
because I’m not so worried
about starting my time and ending my time.
I feel like I’m in the ministry all the time.
Well, the first thing is
that I’ve completely changed my schedule,
so I’m going out when people are out there.
Previously in the ministry,
I expected people to listen to me,
but now I want to listen to them.
It doesn’t matter
how many publications I leave with people.
Now I see the importance
of taking every opportunity to talk to people
with the goal of making disciples.
Before, I was so happy
when I could leave something
from my witnessing bag,
but now I’m really happy
if I leave someone a piece of my heart.
It has helped me
really focus on what’s more important,
and that is making disciples.
I love this new approach to the ministry
because I’m not memorizing
a specific conversation.
Now I can talk to them more naturally
and really enjoy
what we discuss about the Bible.
Our activity isn’t defined
by what we might call quantities.
But rather, it’s motivated
by the love we have for people.
We’ve noticed
that the brothers and sisters
in the circuit are really excited
about this adjusted approach to our ministry.
Before it was more structured
—a topic then a scripture.
Now it’s a conversation.
I used to be worried about what I would say
and how I would bring the conversation
to the Bible.
But now I realize that
what matters more than what I say
is that the person feels
that I genuinely care about them.
So just like Jesus
approached the woman at the well,
I like to approach people about their dogs
and I like to talk to them
and ask if I could pet the dog.
It starts a nice, relaxed conversation,
and that can lead into,
like, giving them a card
or talking about the truth a bit.
And oftentimes when I leave, I’ll look back
and they’ll be scanning
the card with their phone
and they’ll be looking
at the website already.
I’ve noticed that now in the congregation,
we’ve become more observant,
and then we can use those observations
in our conversations.
I’m kind of
quiet and shy by nature,
so there’s this new method that says,
‘Don’t talk too much.’
And when I heard that, I was like: ‘Yes!
That’s something that I can do really well.’
And I just love it.
I feel much more relaxed
because now
our goal is to start conversations.
So I focus on preparing ideas
based on the needs
of the people in the territory.
I feel really excited by the adjustment
in the preaching work
because it’s encouraging us
to engage in different forms of the ministry,
such as informal.
And while these don’t come naturally to me,
I feel really supported
by Jehovah and his organization
to try these different avenues
and to really pursue my goal
of regular pioneering.
Well, it’s definitely made us
want to expand our ministry so much more
just so that we can go out
and help people to get to know Jehovah.
I see many in the congregation
who find great joy in pioneering.
I wanted to feel the same.
So I am very happy
to be a regular pioneer starting this month.
As a couple, we want to attend
the School for Kingdom Evangelizers
because we want to improve
in learning new ways
of showing our love for people.
I can’t wait to pioneer.
I want to pioneer,
and then I’m going to go to SKE,
and then I want to go wherever SKE sends me,
because it sounds like a fun adventure.
It’s fantastic!
All I have to do now is focus on people,
and that’s great.
That’s what it’s all about.
Brothers and sisters,
we love you for doing all you can
according to your circumstances!
Jesus said, as found at John 14:15:
“If you love me,
you will observe my commandments.”
We love our Master, and we love people,
so we gladly obey
Jesus’ command to his disciples:
“As you go, preach.”
From the World Headquarters
of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
this is JW Broadcasting®.